here in his first thing in the morning
we spotted these two bucks right here
there's a one pockys probably 26 he's
probably in the one 180 class that buck
him that's kind of what I'm looking for
it should forest penalty there's another
buck with him he's a little narrow where
he's from 25 inches 24 she got pretty
good Forks he's got stick her right off
his g3 anyway were just gonna watch
these bucks till they bed down wait for
the thermals to change and hopefully
again from above and hopefully we bring
you some good footage
it's a second you've got these puppies
spot on the side yesterday we had a
couple those calls
we snuck in and I got up on this bug
that was a pat-down anything it was
perfect it was Pettit have 45 yards okay
good situation right here we got a lot
of bugs on this hillside just gonna
capitalize with the times right ladies
there that aren't above right here they
might take off not slipping above these
feet and bucks right here
just after last day they're kind of
coming for us to the right you still
can't see these really lives
just slap now pockys a nice body well
it's over now oh I got kind of lucky
this evening yesterday I got on a couple
deer and cows screwed me up in the
morning and then in the evening I got on
a bokken I arranged him and my shot and
then I range of again I just had a bad
range I shot just under him and this was
another buck on my list I kind of moved
down the ridge a little bit and anyway
we caught him he was moving his bed and
anyway he went just over a rise and
there's a little seat down there he
decided he was gonna water and I knew
that was kind of my cue so I booked it
down there as fast as I could the
windows blonde it worked out pretty well
I mean I popped over the top and there
was a 3-point right at 20 yards and he
was just leaving the seat anyway that
three-point peg me so I drew you know as
soon as he kind of turned his head a
little bit I drew my bow and he looked
back at me he knew something wasn't
right and he was about the booger and he
was kind of heading dead way I mean he
was quartering real hard and I I knew I
had to slide it in behind that last rib
or he was gonna bolt so I drew back and
just kind of estimated 4:40 and I
hammered him hour later he he moved down
the hill it took a little bit but he's
dead now and I am stoked
you